Upin! Ipin! Where do you think you're going?
Hurry, Upin! We're going to be late!
Whoa!
Heartwarming Lessons.
Part 2.
Upin, you've been crying for three days.
I'm the one with the broken leg, not you.
I just feel bad for you...
See what happens to naughty kids?
Stop it, Kak.
Can't you see he's hurt?
All right.
Here, finish this.
What about mine?
Your leg's not broken.
Get it yourself.
Ow, my tummy's hurt!
Help me, Kak. It hurts!
That's enough.
Here.
Thanks!
Don't cry!
I like it! I like it!
- That's right. I like it, too!
Hey, Upin! You're alone?
Where's Ipin?
At home.
His leg's broken...
You're kidding!
- Broken?
Two, three legs broken.
How did it happen?
I know. He fell down the stairs.
Upin, is that true?
Yeah...
So, he can't walk? Poor Ipin...
No need. He's having
more fun at home.
He can eat whatever he wants.
You're right, Mail!
How did you know that?
I broke my leg before.
I got to eat all day!
Can we go see him later?
Sure!
- Okay.
You're heavy...
Upin...
Give me that.
You're being bossy. Stop it!
Here.
Thanks, big brother!
Upin! Ipin!
They're here!
Come in!
Where is he? Where is he?
- I want to see!
Ipin, what happened?
- Let me see!
Where's Ipin?
Here, Ipin. I brought some oranges.
Man, it's really broken...
Wow, it's hard!
Hey, don't touch it!
- You'll hurt him.
But I didn't hurt him!
Ipin, does it still hurt?
No. But I can't walk yet...
When can you walk?
I don't know.
Poor Ipin...
- It's going to take a while.
Get well soon!
So you can go to school again.
Yeah, and play marbles!
Marbles? I brought some!
Let's go play!
Let's go!
Come on!
- Hurry, let's play!
Upin! Upin!
What do you want?
That!
This one?
No, wait!
That one!
It's fried chicken!
But there's only one.
Can we share?
No!
That's mine.
Can I have one of these?
No, you can't!
These are all...
... mine!
Hmph, whatever!
I'm going to play.
Upin...
What now?
I want to come, too...
Come on.
You can't play.
Just sit and watch, okay?
Okay...
I'm going to win this time!
Ipin!
Hurry, Upin!
- Come on!
We're going to start!
- Let's go, Upin.
Upin!
Just a bite.
Yummy!
Watch this!
- Come on!
To be continued...